README.md, before:

# Building a Compliant and Interoperable Blockchain Architecture for U.S. Connected and Automated Vehicles


## Repository Layout
### Compliance folder
The compliance folder contains the statutes, legal analysis, and compliance requirements for each use case.
The compliance folder has two child folders: federal and state. Inside each child folder are folders for each use case
that level of government regulates. The use case folders contain the statutes (in PDF format under the legislation folder).


## Federal Compliance
The eCFR is an authoritative but unofficial statute. The researcher reviewed the eCFRs but downloaded the officail (govinfo.gov)
sources for analysis (per the recommendation of eCFR).

### FMVSS Certification
49 CFR 567 outlines the requirements for vehicles to certify with the _Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards_.

Collected 5/25/25 and 5/26/25.

### Recalls
49 CFR 573 outlines the requirements for recall notifications, defect or noncompliance responsibilities, and other requirements for recall-related activities. 

Collected 5/26/25.

## State
### Insurance

### Licensing

### Registration

Commit message:

Andrew | Completed federal compliance analysis. Updated README.

README.md, after:

# Building a Compliant and Interoperable Blockchain Architecture for U.S. Connected and Automated Vehicles


## Repository Layout
### Compliance folder
The compliance folder contains the statutes, legal analysis, and compliance requirements for each use case.
The compliance folder has two child folders: federal and state. Inside each child folder are folders for each use case
that level of government regulates. The use case folders contain the statutes (in PDF format under the legislation folder).

There are two files for the legal analysis: _Federal Legal Analysis_ and _State Legal Analysis_. The federal analysis
document contains the analysis for FMVSS certification and recalls. The state analysis contains analysis for licensing, 
insurance, and registration.


## Federal Compliance
The eCFR is an authoritative but unofficial statute. The researcher reviewed the eCFRs but downloaded the officail (govinfo.gov)
sources for analysis (per the recommendation of eCFR).

### FMVSS Certification
49 CFR 567 outlines the requirements for vehicles to certify with the _Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards_.

Collected 5/25/25 and 5/26/25.

### Recalls
49 CFR 573 outlines the requirements for recall notifications, defect or noncompliance responsibilities, and other requirements for recall-related activities. 

Collected 5/26/25.

## State
### Insurance

### Licensing

### Registration
